# 🦠 Manifesto of Cellularism 🦠
<p align="justify">Primitive society, slave system, feudalism, and capitalism. So different, but so connected systems. As world history shows, radical changes in the structure of society are preceded by attempts to overthrow the old system through revolution and violence. The triumphs of capitalism were preceded by bourgeois revolutions in England and France. Only when the status quo of the old world is overcome will a more progressive system get a chance. Dialectical processes have their drawbacks, but we believe that they reflect the moral development of man.</p>

<p align="justify">Today, government officials advocate active elite intervention in the economic life of society. The need to manage society implies not only control over a certain area but also control over the actions of the masses. Liberalism and socialism have different views on who has the right to be elite, but equally, avoid questioning the principles of good governance and public trust. Soviet socialism was an interesting experience in creating a new social system. There is no doubt that during the years of Soviet power a huge leap was made in the development of the economy and culture.</p>

<p align="justify">The undoubted advantages of the Soviet system include a high level of education, the development of science, the general availability of health care and the absence of unemployment. However, these results can be achieved in a much more humane way. Social agitation, which opened up enormous opportunities for the Soviet system, got out of control and turned into an avalanche that destroyed everything in its path. Communism, which proclaimed the equality of workers, tragically turned into the dictatorship of the proletariat.</p>

<p align="justify">Another significant drawback of the Soviet system was the arms race. The orientation of the economy to war has led to the backwardness of other sectors and the shortage of important consumer goods. Another obvious flaw was the obsession of leaders with political power. Endless intrigues and fear of overthrow provided them with a throne on blood and bones. Despite the imperfection of the Soviet system, it is impossible to deny its role in the history of mankind. We believe in the need to learn from both mistakes and successes.</p>

> 👑 Social Structure 👑
<p align="justify">In cellularism, the structure of society forms five cellular levels. The microcellular level is families and other households. The middle cellular level is the local community. The central cellular level is the basic unit of cellulism. The macrocellular level is state structures. The global cellular level is humanity as a whole. The cell pyramid scheme will benefit all citizens. The cell pyramid scheme will benefit all citizens. Having become a full-fledged and truly living organism, society will begin to make decisions harmoniously and rationally. The future belongs to a multicellular organism! Compared to the fractal confederation of communities, modern states are just overgrown single-celled formations.</p>

<p align="justify">A person will no longer inherit the degenerative features of the state and will no longer believe in the continuity of violence. Political power will be synthesized at a basic cellular level through rational thinking, and its carriers will be filtered by selection based on the principles of selflessness and mutual continuity. Microlevels form pluralistic ideas, while macrolevels embody a community of ideals. The central cells of society become a guarantee that all causes and effects are reflected fractally and can act within their borders as soon as they consider it appropriate.</p>

<p align="justify">The cell becomes the key to fractal politics. The free accession of people to social macrostructures, proclaimed by democracy, is replaced by the formation of a hierarchy of life directly at the micro level. Society is returning to the natural social dynamics that human nature is tuned to. The organization is free from artificial deformation. Man is free from the state. For the state, man no longer exists as a resource. It ceases to be an atom and a molecule, and becomes the indisputable field of political influence.</p> 

<p align="justify">The individual recognition of social normativity is being called into question. At the highest levels, it no longer matters to which social body the individual belongs. Cultural and social affiliation exists only inside the cell and is hidden behind it by a veil of indifference. Almost all social functions - primary and secondary education, healthcare, protection of childhood and motherhood, care for dependents - are completely reduced to the central level. The state deals with these issues only in emergency situations when the very existence of the cell is called into question.</p>

> 🌾 Autochthonous Communities 🌾
<p align="justify">In a society where most social functions are protected from close range, a new awareness arises that the Greeks called “autochthonous”, in other words, based on a sense of personal involvement. In a society organized by the principles of cellularism, people understand that they are primarily connected with each other, but no longer feel the global chains that fetter their destinies.</p>

<p align="justify">Under the conditions of cellularism, communities will not compete with each other for space. Instead, people can strive for peace and prosperity, and the land will be freely available to all who need it. Ownership of resources becomes dynamic and submits to the natural needs of community development. At the time of its formation, the community receives land from the state for free. In the event of a cell collapse, the state takes its resources back without any reward. The resource does not belong to any particular person, it receives a sacred status and is used in accordance with the principles of justice.</p>

<p align="justify">In the field of agriculture, cellularism is of the opinion that the community should do everything possible to ensure a productive culture. Land transfer between communities is permitted only in exceptional cases. Unauthorized persons can obtain the right to travel as guests of the community if they have honest intentions and are not noticed in criminal activity. The relationship between community members and the cell of society should be built taking into account the balance of interests of both parties. Cooperation between a person and a cell can be limited only by an objective conflict between depletion of resources and individual consumption.</p>

<p align="justify">Each person will be able to choose for themselves the means of protection against violence and deception, if this choice does not violate the interests of other members of the cell. Each member of the community will have independence from the community, but the community itself will have an impact on its members, right down to the link. The community will be able to buy and sell shares, receive dividends from them and participate in the management of firms and enterprises. Each business will either fully belong to a cell, or be created by several cells on a joint stock basis. Such corporations will be created only in accordance with strategic plans.</p>

> 🏡 Cellular Economics 🏡

<p align="justify">All community members receive the best education, elective training will be offered to all students of educational institutions. They will have many opportunities for self-employment, which will become the basis for future commercial enterprises. As a rule, employees of such enterprises will enter into one cell and will be engaged in the production of products mainly for domestic consumption. Community projects will provide both jobs and a market for local goods and services. Products created outside the community will be available in special regulated markets.</p>

<p align="justify">If you look at the community from a macro level, it will become clear that, compared to a family, a social cell can organize much more internal work. Products and services available to the community are produced in small quantities, but with a large assortment that meets the true need. From this point of view, it becomes obvious how a wide field for creative activity arises. The results of labor will be natural, they will no longer abstract from the social context.</p>

<p align="justify">At the micro-level, consumers and producers will be connected by the economic and social structures of society as a whole. Economics will become part of the traditional life cycle and will no longer be an academic abstraction. The huge potential of the natural economy will allow anyone who has lost their jobs due to the crisis to join reliable manufacturing sectors. Unemployment will cease to be a problem for society. A system of social solidarity will appear, which will give work to everyone who can offer the community their skills, their thoughts, and their efforts.</p>

<p align="justify">True democracy is not the power of people, but the power acting in the interests of people. The decentralized microstructure will be supported by objective laws of the macrostructure, which will provide equal opportunities for the prosperity of both the national and local sectors of the economy. Only specially trained people with the necessary knowledge and skills will be entitled to government intervention in the economy. To this end, each level of government activity will change the characteristic functions from political to administrative. A vain struggle for the votes of voters will be a thing of the past. The dominance of demagogues who want cheap political power and impose their ideas will end.</p>

> ⚖️ Political Culture ⚖️

<p align="justify">The culture of mankind will be transformed by wealth and diversity. Each competent citizen will receive the right to participate in the government of his country, to be elected to leadership positions. Everyone will be free to give recommendations to suitable candidates and participate in various political associations. As part of the democratic process, everyone will have the opportunity to exercise their rights without fear of threats or fraud. If necessary, the citizen will be protected by the state from any violence or coercion in the exercise of his own political will.</p>

<p align="justify">We emphasize the need to respect the political, economic and cultural traditions of all peoples and states. This means that in all decision-making processes, governments and citizens will be guided by the principle of mutual respect and the supremacy of human rights in territories under the jurisdiction of the cellarists. Now it is extremely difficult to exercise state power in states with a huge territory. It is extremely difficult to carry out any changes and reforms due to the peculiarities of the culture of individual peoples. Indeed, to preserve the independence of the community over a vast territory, it is necessary to respect the right to self-determination of peoples, ethnic groups and minority groups. Therefore, it is necessary to create a constitutional structure, including a representative element, always open for dialogue.</p> 

***

##### ↩️ [Back](index.md) | 🌻 [Русская Версия](cellularism-2.md)
