# 🐉 Dragon Slayer's Citadel 🐉
<p align="justify">Among all the warriors who devoted themselves to the extermination of dragons, only one remained on the shields of modern civilization. Heaven, purgatory, and of course inferno. The last of the great dragon slayers. The man known as "George" was a legendary hero whose fame was recognized at every level of existence. Each of the metaphysical planes of reality he touched on was painted by the prophets of antiquity on the canvas of human destiny. His name is still remembered in the legends of countless cultures. A glory that can only be earned by the holy ability to kill dragons with ease.</p>

<p align="justify">Thanks to the genius of Dante from the divine comedy, we learn about the seven ledges of purgatory, nine circles of hell and ten heavenly spheres. George is not on our maps. In the myths and poems of our ancestors, he is mentioned only in passing, and some of them even doubted his existence. However, he was here. George was real. Moscow did not stand aside from the perfect cyclical nature of the struggle between the knights and the Dragon. The dragon slayers were the most righteous of all warriors. And dragons were the only true evil worthy of their holy cruelty.</p>

<p align="justify">It is difficult to overestimate the key role of the Moscow concept in the folklore tradition of the primitive peoples of Moscow Empire. The so-called "maps of Moscow" reveal amazing details. Sometimes underground lines of force intersect with each other, sometimes form a ring, sometimes come out to the surface. Sometimes their earthly essence is like a quiet sea, but more often it is like fire. It turns out that the mythical city is surrounded by sacred rings. The city is in constant contact with the sky. In ancient times, he was in contact with the kingdom of dragons, and then with the kingdom of the gods.</p>

<p align="justify">Many of the sacred rings have separate names - boulevard, garden and transport. The rest are mentioned only in separate esoteric sources. The exact number could not be established. Some are visible to all, some only to the elite, and some only to the king. Some rings are visible even from the surface, others can only be seen from the air, and still others are completely invisible to all but the most powerful wizards. Sacred rings have always been guarded by royal guards, but they could be "captured" by forces whose nature was lost in eternity. Affected by the complexity of the ancient Soviet language and the fragmentation of the information that has come down to us.</p>

<p align="justify">Does the number of Moscow rings exceed ten Catholic, nine Nordic and five Olympic? The answer is yes and no. The rings surrounding the sacred city of the dragon slayers are not separate elements of the landscape. They reflect the richness of the metaphysics of the city itself. What was Moscow for the people who believed in it? A city of shining walls, a city of proud palaces and towers, a city of temples and churches, barracks and government buildings, a city of art, and a city of terrible weapons.</p>

<p align="justify">It was a place of extraordinary beauty, filled with works of art and architecture. Even the common people lived in homes that were far more comfortable than those of the average citizen of the medieval cities of Europe. A utopian society that created the perfect form of the empire known as a sovereign democracy. The city's social and political systems were so well balanced that they experienced the rise and fall of many empires. There are common points with "Kitezh-Grad". Both the city of Kitezh and the city of Moscow were created by people and defended by them. The city was a shining beacon of freedom, where everyone was equal before the law.</p>

<p align="justify">Moscow is a holy city and a hero city destined to save the land of hundreds of thousands of castles - Zamkadye. This is a city of powerful wizards, royal warriors, wise priests and rich merchants. Moscow's rulers were the most powerful wizards in the world. The rulers of the city could cast the most powerful spells. An important distinction. Big Kitezh disappears, plunging into the water. Moscow disappears in the warm light, leaving behind crystal plains. But little Moscow remains, protected by a red stone star. The star is very bright and burns the grass around it.</p>

<p align="justify">The city shines with an inner light. However, not in all legends, Moscow is becoming a positive force. For some, the city is not only an enemy but also a demonic entity. In the most ancient Rostov legends, the city was called Babylon from time immemorial. Sometimes Moscow influences the mortal world by rearranging figures with its sinister hand. A transparent imitation of yet another mystical omnipotent force. The invisible hand of the market. Several centuries ago, a huge popular movement arose in the city, which led to the "renewal" of the city. Much has been destroyed in this process. And many things have been lost forever.</p>

<p align="justify">Moscow is a constantly changing organism. An organism that constantly consumes destroys mercilessly. A colossal monster with a heart of gold. She is the epitome of duty and commitment. Every day slaves, leading a miserable existence, are forced to descend underground into luxurious palaces, where they will be surrounded on all sides by millions of doomed souls. For those who have worked honestly all their lives, the city provides comfortable tombs in which they will spend eternity reading Pushkin and Tchaikovsky. However, as in the divine comedy, the most rebellious prisoner of Moscow is imprisoned in her heart.</p>

<p align="justify">Like The Prince of This World, frozen in a block of ice, The Lich Ruler rests in eternal suspended animation on Red Square, rebelling against God's Reign. His overwhelming army of undead stands guard around him, their eyes burning with hatred of all living things. They are loyal only to the Blood Flags and are only waiting for the moment when the world conflagration breaks out again. Perhaps it is because of these ancient curses that the wave of enthusiasm for Moscow has subsided after unsuccessful attempts to find it.</p>

<p align="justify">The city again became like a graceful slave, seductive and desired, but no longer a beacon of hope or a symbol of divine justice. Most historians doubt that the hoaxes associated with it have anything to do with reality. They believe that, most likely, the historical documents were forged by the Church or some of the less scrupulous rulers of the continent. However, some amateur enthusiasts tried to excavate Moscow on the Crimean peninsula, on the Tibetan plateau, in the Mongolian steppes and in the region of the Korean-Finnish border.</p>

<p align="justify">Perhaps the influx of new fanatics and patriots will again try to find a new home for the legendary republic. The results are predictable. Despite the fact that the revival of myths is deliberately doomed to failure. The most daring hypotheses, interesting only as a curiosity, place Moscow on other planets, between the dimensions of the general field theory, in resonances of mass hallucinations, everywhere and nowhere, and even at the top of the power vertical. In the end it doesn't matter. The city will always be like a Serpent, with its head in fiery Gehenna and a tail in the Garden of Eden.</p>

***

##### ↩️ [Back](index.md) | 🌻 [Русская Версия](dragon_citadel-2.md)
