# 👻 Greatest Riddle 👻

<p align="justify">Everything in the universe has a unique personality. This is such a simple truth that it does not require an understanding of the nature of existence or even the nature of our minds to achieve it. However, understanding them allows for a different revelation. The structures of reality and the laws of thought need the seeds of repetition to challenge uniqueness. Symmetry crystallizes in relationships that are the foundation of existence. It may seem that the universe is one big family. And all the same, she has skeletons in her closet. They live in blind spots, devoid of association, and do not obey logic. Their mystical totality forms the latent potential of things.</p>

<p align="justify">Riddles are not the result of a lack of awareness. They are an ineradicable source of thinking. Individuality is based on them, which makes a person not an element of statistics, but a Sphinx, claiming to become a legend. “To be” means to doubt, “to exist” means not to show your cards. The laws of reality are different from the vibrations of human thought. The concept of cosmology changes with every generation of scientists, but reflection is unlikely to affect the fate of the universe. However, if you slow down subjective time, you can reach the final point of the story and challenge the heat death. The rules of thought are determined by the mortal mind, but not created by humanity. They cannot be truly recognized, but one can try to understand with the heart and intuition.</p>

<p align="justify">If you were a god, you would not be afraid of either the logic of the universe or the human mind. The inherent incomprehensibility of stories would not exist for you. You would not be limited by words, and your knowledge would not be the result of speculation. You would know not only the laws of the universe. Nothing unprovable would even exist for you. Therefore, the idea of religious belief is farce and fiction. If there was a real Deity, you would already believe in Him. The whole essence of human existence is a thirst for knowledge. Even carnal desires and physical pain are reduced to the desire to know the world around us through sensory experience. This is why we create what inspires us and supports our lives. Anyone can reach meaning based on what is said.</p>

<p align="justify">The true meaning of life, love, and death cannot be described in words. The pure meaning is so obvious that it needs no explanation. It doesn't even require faith. Desires burn in our hearts, and even extinguished aspirations lead us to the future. The hidden potential of the Universe is Hope that does not recede. What will be the final riddle? It's insanely simple, but the answer eludes the human mind. What has no name and cannot be described? The one who can answer becomes a god. Oblivion awaits those who do not find answers. And this text contains enough keys for the inquiring mind of the reader. And the most important of them - the world is not a reflection of the human mind. Anything that gets a name and is described in detail becomes an illusion.</p>

<p align="justify">Remember the history of those expressions that you throw around without thinking. We do not know who invented them or where they came from. The first word of a person will always be a piercing cry from the soul, breaking the silence. There is nothing more to understand. Everything else is just color noise, falling into ironic resonance with the roar of cold physics. Each of us is a musician playing on the strings of our own soul. And the greatest triumph will be to tune the instrument to a note that cannot be heard. Progress is not heard until he starts shouting the truth in his face. Only then does the tuning fork turn into a zero dagger that knows infinity. Only then will the symphony of the obvious be performed. Final hint: in the beginning there was nothing, and that meant everything. And everything was in the beginning, which means nothing.</p>

***

##### ↩️ [Back](index.md) | 🌻 [Русская Версия](greatest_riddle-2.md) | 📚 [Thematic Catalogue](index_t.md)
