# 🔮 Incomprehensibility 🔮
<p align="justify">You're not even sure what you did, but it doesn't matter right now. The problem lies not so much in the unknowability of divine forces, as in the apparent contradiction in the position of the theist, who, throwing himself at statements about the nature and motives of divine forces when it comes to religious dogmas, dares to invoke the unknowability of the divine in apologetics. This is a paradox that only an atheist can appreciate. The eternal mystery behind which hides whether everything was part of the divine plan or not.</p>

<p align="justify">How do we know that a deity wants to save our souls if we don't know anything about his motives and the methods chosen to achieve his goals? How do we know that he has a will if there are no clues to his intentions? If God exists, then why all this talk about kindness and love? Neutral theism, leaving the possibility of the existence of both the divine essence that created the best of worlds, and the creeping chaos that wants to enjoy the suffering of mortals, would jump off the hook and be above the objections of atheism. But for this, you need to abandon religious dogmas.</p>

<p align="justify">Of course, we are talking about the possibility of the existence of a god, and not any particular deity. Theism based on the existence of a certain divine power cannot honestly flirt with skepticism. If we deny the existence of God, then the essence of religion turns into a fanatical ideology that worships an intangible being, which can be anything or even nothing. How can you call yourself a believer if you fundamentally cannot understand what you believe in? Religion is a collection of beliefs and rituals that give meaning to life. If these beliefs are false, then all is lost.</p>

<p align="justify">Consistent scholasticism, trying to understand the nature of the divine, becomes a position that is accepted by both people who stand on the side of believers and those who consider faith to be absurd. But what is the point of choosing between two absurdities? “We don’t know and we cannot know” will never be a viable position. Religion is so full of irrational dogmatic beliefs that it is impossible to accept all of them. You choose and choose, and ultimately you become an atheist. Reasonable humanity does not just talk about the possible existence of phenomena that we still poorly understand.</p>

<p align="justify">The essence of religion, its meaning and existence are so vast that the mind can grasp them, but not understand. Humanity is trying to bring this understanding closer to find explanations and build hypotheses based on what we know. Up to this point, it is impossible to judge whether the journey is worth the effort or not. And in the end, everyone will have to pass a verdict. There is an epistemological chasm between a person who does not understand something and a person who does not even try to understand. If the meaning of your life is to find the answer to the question of why the world exists, then you are living wrong.</p>

<p align="justify">But what if the journey turns out to be a long and painful one? When it comes to the views and opinions of people, deliberate ignorance remains the most terrible position of all. If you do not try to find out why something exists and not nothing, you are condemning yourself to an existence of ignorance and therefore remorse. You will always wonder if you made the right choice. By itself, theology does not imply the need to close our eyes, not reflect or ask questions. However, it implies the need to remain open-minded, because religion is not a closed system.</p>

<p align="justify">Reality is an endless ocean in which we are all tiny drops of water that cannot fill it in any way. Over a thousand-year history of attempts to swim across the ocean, so many different divine paradigms, spiritual practices, and existential philosophies have been discovered that a person who says that we do not know and do not recognize anything simply shows his unwillingness to get acquainted with the subject of discussion. By closing ourselves off from knowledge, we do not increase our chances of survival, but we decrease them.</p>

<p align="justify">A person's thinking is capable of understanding much of what is outside of it. The shores of the oceans are limited only by what consciousness can survive. The human brain has an almost endless storage space, and it is only limited by the power of the imagination. At least partially, at least approximately, at least to some extent. The question is not whether a religion is real, but which religion is real?</p>

<p align="justify">The mystery of the divine essence and purpose of human life cannot be grasped by the mind, but only accepted by the heart. At the same time, whatever such acceptance may be, a deep understanding of what is happening is not only not required, but also trivially unattainable. Each of us has the potential for different experiences and dimensions. The boundaries between different dimensions are thin, and the door to other realities is always open.</p>

***

##### ↩️ [Back](index.md) | 🌻 [Русская Версия](incomprehensibility-2.md) | 📚 [Thematic Catalogue](index_t.md)

