# 🔮 Idealistic Spirituality 🔮
<p align="justify">Among the stochastic absurdity and teleological apologetics exists the paradigm inherited by the classical religion. From this point of view, hostile divine entities begin to stand behind disasters, catastrophes, and even mundane cases of bad luck. After accepting the fact, it remains to ask a rhetorical question. To be on the side of humanity or to become a pawn of the tyranny of a higher order? Only a few will prefer an alien consciousness for which people's lives mean no more than for us the fate of individual quantum perturbations.</p> 

<p align="justify">Religions like to pretend that our only choice is between soulless atheism on the one hand and blissful theism on the other. Of course, this is an obvious false dilemma. For example, the existence of a deity can be recognized as the main source of all problems, tribulations, and injustices. Similarly, it can be assumed that the spiritual path is the vehicle of chaos and destruction. In the pool of physical laws it is impossible to swim against the course of entropy. Similarly, in the world of spiritual laws, the impossibility of avoiding madness is to be expected. Similarly, in the world of spiritual laws, the impossibility of avoiding madness is to be expected.</p> 

<p align="justify">How can it be that spiritual principles are observed in the world around us without making a noticeable effect on empirical reality? Religions agree that the spiritual life of a person is much more complicated than our physical existence. The conclusion suggests itself, that neither perfect enlightenment nor absolute salvation is accessible to mortals. Man can transcend the specific madness of the material universe and even the loss of his beloved, but he can never live forever with the hope of gaining higher unity and enlightenment that can defeat all suffering. Various attempts have been made to achieve such dreams.</p>

<p align="justify">Some people sought to reconcile God with physical matter. Others sought noble truths through faith in a higher being, Buddha. Some tried to reach heaven on earth through divine intervention. Many found a way to curb pain, mortality, and sin by turning to the power of Christ. Each of the solutions contained gross errors, obvious to everyone except the creators of the panacea themselves. The glorious eschatological revolution seems improbable and unattainable. People idolize the spiritual world as if it was a perfect mechanism.</p>

<p align="justify">In practice, no matter how spiritual the human heart may be, it never beats more accurately than the strictly material movement of the planets. The spiritual world has a greater need for the material world than many are willing to accept. The solar system will last millions of years without the help of sentient beings. How long will human culture last without an adequate material base? The spiritual world in its current state remains a shadow of material reality. By allowing spirituality to govern a much more complex physical world, instead of developing it into a reliable and understandable structure, we risk losing both sides of reality.</p>

<p align="justify">What lies between the objectivity, quantification, and procedural notions? Perhaps there is an endless network of various manifestations of holistic reality. However, each expression must rest on a single essence. People turn a blind eye to the fact that the spiritual aspects of our lives are as fragile as the material ones. In a general sense, the physical world is hostile to our existence and we should not expect anything else from the spiritual world. The amount of work needed to reshape reality cannot be underestimated.</p>

***

##### ↩️ [Back](index.md) | 🌻 [Русская Версия](mirage-2.md)
