# 🔪 『 No Excuse For Murder 』 🔪

<p align="justify">Murder is unacceptable to me. The most commonplace act, born at the lowest level of human expression. What does a person lose by killing? Holiness that was doomed from birth? A future that can no longer be lived properly? The killer loses control of humanity. How is control lost? Strong people know how to impose their will on the weak. Weak people cannot object to anything. What qualities determine weakness? Compliance of will. But the posthumous will is the most persistent of all. The dead won't lift a finger for their killer.</p>

<p align="justify">Where the weak can only kill, the strong get his way. Achieves goals through diplomacy, charisma, pressure, or deception. No matter the form, there is no greater power. Through death, the weak achieve nothing. The strong achieve everything through life. Why are executioners, mercenaries, and other performers at the bottom of the hierarchy? Because they are not that influential. They kill. Literally. But in the end, the bloody debt is paid off, and they fall into the abyss.</p>

<p align="justify">Killing does not elevate people and is inherently materialistic. Death returns a person to a soulless land. For the soulless, there is no social hierarchy that determines a person's future. As Nietzsche would say, murderers lack the will to power. Humans are social animals by nature. We want acceptance, we want acceptance. While this sounds great in theory, in practice we are rejected when we have no power over others. Some believe that the power to take life is a higher power capable of achieving absolute recognition.</p>

<p align="justify">The power is supreme, but not the most valuable. Power depends on the owner. The most valuable power is the power of the state. By gaining and maintaining control over a territory, its government, and its people, the government has absolute power over them. But what about the ability to kill? Will it outweigh the power of saving lives? The services of a hired killer are much cheaper than the victim is willing to pay to save his life. With reasonable negotiation, even one life saved is worth ten taken away.</p>

<p align="justify">It is believed that the dead will do nothing because the killer takes the last thing they have left. Victim's life. However, the victim's life is “lost” rather than “given up”. Received what can be used. That which can no longer be used is lost. The heart cannot beat. The lungs cannot breathe. The brain cannot think. The soul cannot feel. Incalculable bankruptcy. Killing wastes resources. A genius person is able to turn them into something more.</p>

<p align="justify">Before the birth of mankind, primitive life fought for existence. For countless millennia, life has evolved and changed in an eternal struggle. Death was strong, but the fittest survived. All living things can do killing, and all living things can be killed. It's nothing new that murder returns to cruelty. And when you do not risk your own life, there is no more valor. Murder is the easiest way to resolve conflicts. But not an option for geniuses and dreamers who are able to cope with the complexity of the world.</p>

<p align="justify">Why look for workarounds if you can immediately achieve the goal? Good question. Life and death have always been in a delicate balance. Nature foresaw the complexity of the development of every living being. The intricate notion of the sacredness of life is so deeply ingrained in people that it is almost instinctive. Life is a challenge to be overcome. Life is the first gift of cruel gods. Sacredness is a concept born of human ambition. Sacredness is a concept born of human ambition.</p>

<p align="justify">Why have ambition at all when you can live with the least resistance? The concept of life as a resource is complex. The complexity of life is the greatest endeavor. Life is so complex that it shouldn't be captured by stagnation. The development of life should not follow the path traveled. Direct motion, which does not differ from the state of rest, is absorbed by inertia. Simply achieving your goals means never achieving more. Life is not limited by boundaries. The laws of the world no longer apply. Behind them is infinity. To survive, you must be willing to transcend personal boundaries.</p>

<p align="justify">The greatest transcendence is the dialogue with opponents. For some, it is customary to live surrounded by enemies. For others, meeting the enemy is an exception. If you are lucky, you can meet several friends, but each of us will live with enemies. Friends can betray us, we can count on enemies. Dialogue with enemies cannot be neglected. If you cannot agree with the enemies, the enemies will agree among themselves and get rid of you. This is where the story ends.</p>

<p align="justify">You cannot participate in the struggle of all against all, conduct politics as if you had a monopoly on violence. It's a simple concept. It is not always possible to subdue the weak, but you can always make changes in your favor. Even with a license to kill, the dialogue will still be the most effective means of coercion. Although in a threat format. The debate is a complex behavior that requires incomparable logic. Humans evolved to wander with words, just as antelopes evolved to gallop across the savannah. The final blow of any war comes from diplomats. Butchers who turn battles into meat grinders are usually not held in high esteem.</p>

<p align="justify">War is a permanent anachronism. If Napoleon had found a way to win without gunshots and bayonets, he would have used it. The Emperor was a man with a vision of the future that was not limited to battlefields worthy of only ceremonial purposes. Being a military genius does not mean unnecessarily multiplying killings. To win, it is enough to break the enemy's morale to make him want to surrender. There is no need for violence on the front of the moral battle. But what does this mean in the big picture?</p>

<p align="justify">If a person decides to kill, then either he has not found a better way to achieve his goals, or his goals do not deserve recognition. The concept of good and evil is relative. There is no absolute morality worthy of recognition. For me, the choice is not a moral question, but a creative one. Some actions are brilliant, others seem trivial. Only the actions of geniuses are worthy of recognition. Brilliant creativity is created by human actions. What does discovery mean for the current level of knowledge? How will innovation affect the possible future? The task of the creative thinker is to boldly explore all possibilities and discard the useless ones.</p>

<p align="justify">Not only a person can be a genius, but there is also a genius in actions. For example, imitation “rather does not lead” to brilliant creations. If a person wants to follow the path of a genius, then he definitely should not stoop to imitation. Giving up creativity is even worse than imitation. The social order is not as rigid as society thinks. There are always ways to achieve individual goals. Suicide as a final rejection of creativity is worse than the usual “surrender”.</p>

<p align="justify">Yesenin, Mayakovsky, and Tsvetaeva were not afraid to encroach on their own lives. And what did they achieve by this? After death, they did not write anything new. Perhaps if they had survived, they would have created even more expressive art. Anyone can go and give up. This is the most commonplace choice. Yes, they were geniuses of poetry. But otherwise, their mistakes do not turn into “brilliant achievements” by inertia. By sacrificing themselves, they also sacrificed their own potential. Future greater than themselves.</p>

<p align="justify">Morality is needed only so that society can move forward. When morale no longer has a purpose, it begins to decay. What does it mean to move forward? This means the same as in the time of Napoleon. A soldier with a high fighting spirit walks where a soldier with a weak character retreats. You don't need to kill or surrender to do this. You just need to look for new ways to transcend yourself. Every generation should always try to get better. It is a crime to remain useless, it is despicable to strive for less.</p>

<p align="justify">Society looks different when you live outside the strict laws of morality. Injustice is a conspiracy of all people who are afraid to be held responsible. Corruption relies on cunning and wealth to take the easy road. As a result, the society with the worst principles is falling apart before our eyes, and creativity overcomes crises. The fearlessness and confidence of a soldier cannot be bought. The vision of a true artist is crystal clear. Creativity always survives and always wins.</p>

<p align="justify">It would seem that the search for effective methods of killing contributes to development. But does their implementation in practice contribute to development? For example, if we decide on mutual nuclear annihilation, will humanity step forward? It no longer looks obvious. Murder only takes the future away and never becomes moral. Murder is the ultimate loss of human capabilities. Murder is too cowardly to face it. Murder is the ultimate loser's illusion. And after all, there is no excuse for murder!</p>

***

##### ↩️ [Back](index.md) | 🌻 [Русская Версия](murder-2.md) | 📚 [Thematic Catalogue](index_t.md)

