# ⚖️ New Normalcy ⚖️

<p align="justify">Let's talk about direct democracy and the rule of law. Why are rights attributed to people, but their direct expression of will is not taken into account? The basic idea of legal democracy is that the protection of rights creates a context in which direct expression of will is possible. Acting in the legal field, a citizen is free to do what he wants, and no one can interfere with him. Within the legal framework established by the community, the same person can be a writer, teacher, industrialist, medic, or gambler. Thus, the legal field turns out to be the intersection of methods of expression of will that are acceptable in society. Protecting civil rights means respecting the will of every person.</p>

<p align="justify">A system that does not respect the rights of a certain category of citizens can hardly be called a democracy. Does this mean that as soon as a country's political system is declared democratic, everyone automatically begins to respect the rights of those with whom they previously disagreed? Of course not. Respect for rights is not only a legal issue but also a moral one. Social acceptability cannot be established by the letter of the law. The mismatch between social and legal creates hypocrisy that claims to respect the law and protect citizens, systematically denying them the right to determine their own destiny and unfairly depriving them of the most important aspects of civil society.</p>

<p align="justify">The boundaries of the legal sphere are strictly defined. Moral boundaries are much more difficult to draw. A person who comes to the country will be obliged to obey its laws. But is it possible to accept moral principles from the people of the country and become part of society? From the point of view of real politics, when you come to a country, you associate yourself with the community of everyone who lives on its territory. It is important for everyone who comes to a new country to ask themselves if they can meet the standards that society demands from others. There is nothing offensive or unusual about this question.</p>

<p align="justify">Whether you like it or not, by your very presence you become a part of the people and history of the country. In fact, you influence what happens to him, and he influences your destiny. It is not a question of cultural identity or subjective categories of who you think you are. It is a mechanical connection of a sea drop in the ocean of unity. Just like everyone who writes on the Internet becomes part of the digital community. It is through the prism of civil consolidation that you must view your personality and the role that you plan to play in the new country.</p>

<p align="justify">Unfortunately, politics is guided by the preservation of power. Politicians seek to transform the peoples they control from cultural and historical subjects into political entities. The digestion of the personality by the state is a violent process that occurs gradually over many decades. The role of the people begins to be played not by a society united by origin and values, but by a formal totality ruled by politicians. The physical and moral integrity of the people is gradually destroyed under the influence of social control. A citizen becomes a subject, and people are deprived of the right to decide their own future.</p>

***

##### ↩️ [Back](index.md) | 🌻 [Русская Версия](normal-2.md) 
