# 🧮 Numerical Glory 🧮
Of course, confidence here requires a huge leap of faith and a bit of insanity. But for comparison, imagine that we are talking about God, whom we can understand. For example, about God, who only created our entire Universe as it is. The Universe has e ^ 10125 possible states, which of course is unimaginably many, but still not an indicator of infinite power and absolute imagination. Now, imagine that instead of God we are talking about you. What would be the universe that man can create? This question is easy to answer. You make many decisions in your entire life and each decision is a binary choice in favor of black or white, good or evil, Coca-Cola or Pepsi, and so on. In short, each choice doubles the number of states in your possible universe. The only question is how many states will be in your personal Universe in your whole life? On average, a person makes 35,000 decisions in one day. About 365 days a year, and on average people live 70 years, although even if you do all 700 years, a difference of one order will not be of particular importance. This creates us 235000x365x70 states, well, or in exponential form, e ^ 1020. What is all that you have done against the background of what God has already done? Putting numbers together is not as indicative as imagining that all your decisions that you made in your whole life created the Universe. Because the Universe that man creates ... It is not very big. It is impossible to pick it up, see with the naked eye and even notice it through a microscope. It is invisible at either the atomic or subatomic level. The choice that a person makes in his entire life fits into a tiny sphere of 618 Planck units, which is 10 quadrillion times less than one quark. That is, everything that we do, it is impossible to notice through a microscope not even against the background of everything that has already been done by God. But even in comparison, the most inconspicuous part of what he has done. That is, from the point of view of scale, to call oneself an ant is to greatly exalt oneself in the general picture of things. To judge people for God is the same as for us to judge how and what each individual atom did, and even such an analogy makes people unimaginably more important than they really are. Do you understand how this works?

***

##### ↩️ [Back](index.md)           🌻 [Русская Версия](numericalglory-2.md)
