# 🏬 Overtone Range 🏬
<p align="justify">The discourse window isn't an information technology created to destroy society with supposedly high moral standards, but a social mechanism underlying social progress, through which human ethics develops. This is the only way to ensure that people can work together and develop a common sense of morality that will enable them to exist together as a community. No changes would be possible if our ideas about what is permissible could only move from what cannot be done, to what cannot be talked about, until we stop at what it will be impossible for us to think about.</p>

<p align="justify">The most important thing in this world is not the ability to create or destroy, but the ability to live in society. If you want to survive, you must learn to share your life with others. Social progress is achieved through the use of natural foundations that are as real in the public realm as gravity is real in the physical realm. You have a chance to become a part of the future, and you should not miss it. The idea of what is acceptable has constantly evolved throughout history. It's time for new changes!</p>

<p align="justify">You are a member of the next generation. Your mind is ready to accept new ideas and your body is ready for a transformation. Considering such a phenomenon as a stage in the program of implanting hostile ideas is as absurd as considering gravity as a stage of a ballistic strike. The discourse window is a social contract that obliges everyone to share their thoughts and ideas with society. Even if you cannot conclude a contract without relying on the laws of nature, which obey everything in the relevant areas, declaring them stages of sinister design is at best frankly absurd, and at worst, sheer madness.</p>

<p align="justify">The only threat to the future is the fear of the unknown. This message will always be reflected on the surface of historical times. Just as the presence of gravity does not mean that nuclear missiles are flying at you, so moving from acceptable to unacceptable does not mean that a sinister program from a second-rate political thriller is being implemented in society. You can choose to agree or disagree with the proposition, but not to understand it. This message is for you and for you only. And it will be realized only by your mind in all its true power.</p>

***

##### ↩️ [Back](index.md) | 🌻 [Русская Версия](overtone_range-2.md) 
