# 💡 Transfinite Radiation 💡
<p align="justify">The history of Western civilization can be divided into three periods. The tradition before the French Revolution, the romance of the New Age, and the cynicism after the First World War. Humanity does not go to history college and cannot predict how fears and hopes will turn out. Most do not even have time to understand what happens during the dance on the bones of the era. Society does not know what to do at the last moment but always expects to return home. The main conflict in the world is not between reason and madness, but between ideas and their embodiment.</p>

<p align="justify">The romance of the future always triumphs, even if it does not emerge from its embryonic state. It would seem that history has proven the cynics wrong. They have some good ideas for how to solve problems, but first, they need to find high ideals and dreams. By the eighties, the world began to change dramatically. New forces are emerging, from oil spills to nuclear accidents. Most would say that the revival of green parties intersects with the fall of communism. The modern world is a crucible in which sloppy realizations are formed. Historians have found that some countries have suffered more from the implementation of romantic ideas than others.</p>

<p align="justify">The Mongols destroyed the Caliphate and the victory of a few resulted in a system, but not necessarily a positive one. England defeated Germany, but it seems clear that it was the English Channel that saved merchant capitalism. America defeated the Soviets, but the American dream would be destroyed in a matter of hours. If you could go back in time, what would you change? It is very difficult to objectively determine what can influence the fate of the world. Are human or divine powers decisive? History is changed by several influential people who do not control it so much as adapt to it.</p>

<p align="justify">For example, who was the most important person in the forties? Adolf Hitler or Joseph Stalin. If you chose Hitler, then the readers would surely be offended. And if you chose Stalin, you were right. Why? Because Stalin won the war. At first, the Bolsheviks and Nazis were marginal romantics. They believed they could change the world and they were right. This is a fairly popular answer. And yet it is wrong. Although disputed, they were unable to survive at their zenith. For a long time, there is neither the Soviet Union nor even the Millennial Reich.</p>

<p align="justify">Romantics don't stay in power. Today, the Bolsheviks and Nazis remain marginal forces. These are no longer models of strength, but crippled monsters. Romance is a term that has been talked about so much that it has almost lost its meaning, but if you have to use one word to describe all the effects of its phenomenon, I would agree that it would be "radiation". The future is no longer a utopia, but its denial. The romance of the future, which stood at the origins of modernity, today looks like an anachronism. Perhaps the most important property of romance should be its self-destruction.</p>

<p align="justify">The drama has a good introduction, but it always requires conflict. The war on the whole world has an infamous end for all claimants. The only thing we can do is try to reduce the damage. Why is the concept of the state still popular and even extolled in certain circles? Because although the idea is wrong, it seems logical. Prophets ensure that our citizens no longer have to worry. Their motivation is transparent and predictable. The point is that at the most basic level, the state is the army and taxes. Countries are forced to act in the logic of forceful pragmatism. Naturally, the state is at the top of the food chain. After all, the state is a reflection of its time.</p>

<p align="justify">But the truth is that the history of mankind is not the history of the state. This is a history of radical changes, often not related to the state. The state took power away from the spiritual elite, but this is not the only active force. It is never the only one. Sometimes fateful events are not even connected with human will. Society will have to live with this fact for a long time. In the past, there have been many natural disasters not related to the state. An epidemic can be a historic event and incredibly easy to spot right now.</p>

<p align="justify">You can endlessly enumerate earthquakes and eruptions. However, it is much more important to find survivors and understand the consequences of the change. The public conscience easily sows fear, but hardly reaches the truth. Marginal forces return to their original positions. The idea of a strong leader, Fuhrer or Duce, exists in the parasitic layers of the unconscious. The modern picture of the world more and more resembles the abyss of Tartarus, the darkest caves of which are filled with a dozen hegemonic powers. However, in the game of hegemony, it is not the players who attack their neighbors who win.</p>

<p align="justify">Why are romantics forced to lose to pragmatists? The answer can be found in the fact that the social and the political are closely related to the economy. The world economy is a system of mechanisms and balances. The winners are the architects who erect barriers and trade routes. Maps become overgrown with routes, fortifications rise higher and higher. Given the course of history, it remains to ask once again, whose ideas shape the future? We live in the digital age of Alan Turing, which followed Erwin Schrödinger's atomic age. Now the noosphere is being formed, which consists of 0.000001% of humanity, capable of instantly accessing the awareness of information. Each of us is responsible for finding a solution. If only because every conscious life is full of passions and is like a nail in the lid of a coffin.</p>

***

##### ↩️ [Back](index.md) | 🌻 [Русская Версия](radiation-2.md) 
