# ☠️ Eclipsing Pandemic ☠️

<p align="justify">Infectious cancer that now infiltrates every human cell. Americans recently discovered the disease and are now spreading it around the world. The peacekeepers saw death and destruction spread like a plague. Contrary to popular belief, this is not human sacrifice or worship of Satan. Although you will have to look at both the scapegoat and Baphomet's goat in the eyes. You can no longer stay where we are. The gentlemen are writing sentences on laptops, they are going to get on the plane and go to the United States.</p>

<p align="justify">You will not be able to get a return flight to the West. It remains to get out of the car and go to the residential building. It's quiet and dark inside as you close your laptop. The World Wide Web gives advice, but not always the right one. People needed faith to deal with the political police of the nineties. The new Christianity secretly developed in the great Russian caves under the protection of the black churches. The doctrines developed by Marx and Engels are still called socialism and communism, but they have already become the main pillars of the new Christianity.</p>

<p align="justify">The sect already realized then that she needed a biological threat to justify her lifestyle and interference in government policy. In the hidden corners of the Moscow wilderness, the infection was cultivated. Infectious cancer is an important pillar of sinister religion. The infectious cancer sect triumphs throughout Russia and has long outnumbered the sect of citizens of the Soviet Union. As usual in history, sectarians are wrong. The disease outplayed its creators and began to spread uncontrollably. The disease has a voice. You have seen the power of the voice and how it can bring people together and save them. When leaders speak up, they make their prophecies visible to the world.</p>

<p align="justify">The truth is terrifying. Religion worships death. Prophets believe that death is the only true reality and everything else is an illusion. They even raise their army of the dead. The disease will only accelerate the necrotic process! If not stopped, the democratic world will inevitably turn into a devastating paradise. Maybe something else can be done to slow down the destruction and even save some people. The goal of the disease is to kill all citizens of the world, except those under the control of black priests.</p>

<p align="justify">The goal is to provoke Western people and force them to return to Russia. The idea is so stupid that it doesn't work, no matter how absurd it is. Now the disease is spreading to America with Japan. Cultural hegemons were the only ones able to stop the infection, but now the West is in a coma and you don't know what to do about it. The remnants of the leadership intend to destroy the now hostile capitalist countries. Unfortunately, the star army will not be enough and humanity will have to solve problems with other forces. We will have to prepare a dead hand for liberation and immerse the world in the baptism of fire. Soon, the nuclear legions will have their last and only chance.</p>

<p align="justify">You cannot allow a dark millennium. It is necessary to leave reality while you are still capable of an exodus. You know that there are people like you who want to kill you for your strength. You must leave now before they find you. But where can you find salvation? You don't even think you can find it. After all, illness develops faster than the human mind. But it’s not over yet. The only question is whether we will stop infectious cancer before it stops humanity on the bloody path to dominate life on the planet.</p>

***

##### ↩️ [Back](index.md) | 🌻 [Русская Версия](redplague-2.md) 

