# 🌌 Revolution of The Universe 🌌

<p align="justify">The expressed opinion can be considered as an independent object. It is not only an expression of personal will, but also an object at the disposal of society. However, this does not make the opinion objective. The opinion expressed depends on other factors. For example, opinion owes its existence to the consciousness of the subject. Human consciousness is a product of social life and is created by the institutions that exist in human society. Consequently, the opinions expressed are conditioned by the social structure of society.</p>

<p align="justify">Likewise, human evaluations are forced to be subjective because they are made by biased people. The assessment is influenced by the person's personality, habits and theoretical knowledge. Of course, this does not mean that there are no objective facts or data. Imagine a passing car. The witness said that the car was moving at a speed of 125 kilometers per second. There are several factors that influence a witness's verdict. It is not only the objective speed of the car, but also the state of health, mental development and education of the witness.</p>

<p align="justify">It is generally accepted that speed is objective, and its estimates are subjective. But what about evaluation expressions? Many consider them objective. Formalists believe that statements are fixed by the laws of grammar and syntax on paper. However, belief in ink and paperwork is far from the truth. We challenge standard logic when we say that an expression is objective only because some properties of the expression are objective. For example, the very existence of an assessment is objective. It is objective that a specific witness gave evidence. Finally, the readings themselves are objective - 125 kilometers per second.</p>

<p align="justify">Most of us believe that many expressions should be considered objective. As if the statements are an expression of pure logic and common sense. We believe in the platitudes that "snow is white" and "water is wet". It seems clear that some opinions are not only objective but also absolute. They are "correct" and cannot be changed. It is always possible to cleanse the context to such an extent that judgments concern only objective properties. Then, relying on many objective expressions, it is easy to believe that the act of expression is simply the objectification of subjective thought.</p>

<p align="justify">No matter how we try to eliminate subjectivity, we simply distract attention from it. Some believe that the very existence of objective truth is an expression of human subjectivity. Even giving up one's own opinion can be seen as an act of self-expression. But what does it mean to view anything as an act of self-expression? Why don't we admit our subjectivity without self-censorship? Why should we hide part of ourselves?</p>

<p align="justify">In the context of psychology, such questions seem completely absurd. But what does it matter? You do not need to understand the theories of classical and objective psychology to operate with natural egocentrism. The mind is forced to act as a pragmatic entity. The assessment should be objective, since the fact of assessing the past should not depend on subjective factors at a given time. From the point of view of tragicomedy, absurd thoughts simply show that the hero is not yet capable of achieving catharsis.</p>

<p align="justify">Yesterday's death does not depend on future injuries. But as such, death is still defined by injury. Who can say that the views of the ancients will never change? After all, Charles Darwin only proposed his theory of evolution in the last century. This does not mean that you are immortal, since none of today's events can take away yesterday's moments in your life. Although the past never depends on the future, there are many reasons to believe that objectivity is impossible.</p>
  
<p align="justify">What is the difference between subjectivity and self-expression? In the first case, the subject dissolves into the object, in the second, the object becomes an extension of the subject. The difference lies in the form of dependence on self-awareness. The absence of partial dependence in a particular context does not mean that there is no fundamental dependence. For example, a star's dependence on nuclear fusion is inseparable from the self-consciousness of people who discovered the laws of space.</p>

<p align="justify">Is it possible to completely separate subject and object? Prices do not become objective only because they do not depend on the subjectivity of buyers. The law of supply and demand exists regardless of what one thinks about it. Prices depend on the opinion of everyone, and not on someone in particular. The truth is, opinions and assessments are influenced by subjective factors. After all, all of our opinions are expressions of ourselves.</p>

<p align="justify">Is it possible to completely separate thought from context? If nothing affects thought, does it exist? The fact that you can choose a context in which a particular subject does not affect the phenomenon does not mean that all other subjective factors will lose their power. When does a subject become a soul capable of existing without an object? Even in a purely objective world, it is impossible to separate people from the laws of the universe. But who said that there is a need for a parallel world of spirituality and psychology? Ultimately, the recognition of subjectivity is reduced to the recognition of the existence of subjective factors, but not to their independent reality.</p>

<p align="justify">The relationship between subject and object is secondary, and if you want to rely on it, there is such a better concept as perception. What is perception? Revolution of the Universe. What is its meaning? That which was an object is frozen in matter. What was an object is filled with psyche. Fantasy has a long way to go to improve a person's life. What can matter and mind achieve without perception? It is impossible to see the world of pure objectivity. This is the highest "Nothing", revealed to mortals after gaining a soul.</p>

***

##### ↩️ [Back](index.md) | 🌻 [Русская Версия](universal_revolution-2.md)

